	---------------------------------
	Instructions for the candidate
	---------------------------------

	Hi,

	we're glad you agreed to work on our little case. The aim of this is to show some of your skills in data analysis and research. Please do not spend an awful lot of time on this.
	Anything between 2-4 hours should be entirely sufficient.

	1. Collect the files and import into your preferred database engine (SQL Server,MySQL,Postgres) or scripting language session (R,Python,Julia, ...)
	2. These files originate from the public contracts registry. Public authorities and state-owned enterprises are obligated to publish any contract they close with private sector into this online repository. It is a transparency and anti-corruption instrument - mainly a great source of valuable data.
	3. Every row in the "contracts" file is a single contract identified by ContractId and VersionId. The contract has a publisher - usually the public entity, and a supplier - usually the private sector company.
	4. Once your files are imported, check their consistency and follow to the case in --Task-- section below.

	-----------------
	Task
	-----------------
	Among others, the dataset includes contracts of public entities and companies supplying food vouchers for employees. In Czech language, these are called "stravenky". There are few major players operating in the 
	Czech market. Do your own online research or ask a friend what these key players are. Locate their National Company ID (ICO) and filter the dataset for contracts only including these companies.
	Try to remove contracts with no relation to the food voucher topic.
	Answer 1-3 of the research questions below. We prefer less questions with more thorough answers to skimming the surface of all 4 questions.


	A. Can you make a food voucher market share model for the country or selected regions? How do you best compute a market share using all the information that you have in the dataset?
	B. Is any of the suppliers gaining more market share or experiencing revenue growth in the public sector during the observed period? If so, which supplier over whom and how sure are you of this trend?
	C. Is any of the buyers/publishers consistently negotiating unusually high or low prices? Are there any reasons you can think of why this is possible?
	D. Has any of the buyers/publishers switched suppliers and as a result achieved a better deal? List a couple of examples if you find any.

	-----------------
	Output
	-----------------

	1. Try to answer the questions so that anyone reading your script can understand what is being done. The script should be as reproducible as possible. 
	2. Choose how you present, visualize or summarise your findings - in the plotting library of your scripting language or simply in Microsoft Excel / Google Apps or a similar tool
	3. Remember that how you will proceed is entirely up to you, we have no prefabricated answers to these questions. We focus on business value, clarity, reproducibility, creative approach, presentation .. all of these count.

